How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    diff -u allowed me to see the changes made between two files in a uniform
    example by placing all the code in a single annotated print out. By doing
    so I was able to see the bug that was introduced quickly and efficiently.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    Having easy access to the entire history of a file can help make anyone
    a more efficient programmer by allowing us to quickly view changes and
    methods of those changes. It can also help generate creative solutions
    for future versions.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pros: logical seperation of changes, optimized organization and resource
    allocation

    Cons: propensity for human error, subjectivity

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allows saving multiple files in one commit to help articulate inter-
    dependencies of the files in a given repository. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    You can view all of a repositories commits using git log and compare
    commits using git diff.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Version control makes me more confident to make changes that could break
    something because I know that I can always revert back to a previous commit
    to undo any future commits and to regain functionality.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try to master git and use it for everything from building my first
    application, to launching my 20 websites, to helping local business owners
    organize and track their own projects. I hope to take this knowledge and
    teach it to others to help the citizens of Detroit.
